OKTA-413125 Overall style edit for OIE embedded auth content - part 1 (#2571)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/oie-embedded-common-run-samples/main/aspnet/runsdkapp.md

> 1. If you haven't already done so, set up your Okta org by completing these steps: [Set up your Okta org for a password factor only use case](/docs/guides/oie-embedded-common-org-setup/aspnet/main/#set-up-your-okta-org-for-a-password-factor-only-use-case).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. If you haven't already done so, [set up your Okta org for a password factor only use case](/docs/guides/oie-embedded-common-org-setup/aspnet/main/#set-up-your-okta-org-for-a-password-factor-only-use-case).
```

Reviewer: OR... (note that there are multiple instances of this. please do a search.)

> 1. If you haven't already done so, set up your Okta org by completing these steps: [Set up your Okta org for a password factor only use case](/docs/guides/oie-embedded-common-org-setup/aspnet/main/#set-up-your-okta-org-for-a-password-factor-only-use-case).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. If you haven't already done so, set up your Okta org by completing the steps in [Set up your Okta org for a password factor only use case](/docs/guides/oie-embedded-common-org-setup/aspnet/main/#set-up-your-okta-org-for-a-password-factor-only-use-case).
```
